Let's talk about determining
permissions that we might already have.
Because we don't wanna ask users for
permissions that we already have.
So you can query to get
a specific permission.
So in this case, let's just log out,
I'm gonna just copy this in here.
So we have this descriptor,
let me collapse this terminal.
So what we're gonna do here
is just query and see,
do we have this permission, right?
And then we're just logging it out here.
And then let's go ahead and
query it afterwards to see what
the state of it is, and just do this.
All right, so
now let's do deno run app.ts.
All right, so you can see that
by default the state is prompt.
So if we haven't, we now have
permissions the state is prompt.
And if we say grant,
then it becomes granted.
And if we were to do that again and
say deny, then the state is denied.
Now, note that if you do this.
Like this, if you pass this in,
what do you think is gonna happen?
Well, let's find out.
Nothing, it never asks us,
because it already sees that it's granted,
so it just goes ahead and does that.
However, if we were to give it
an insufficient amount of access,
like allow read equals the current
directory, what will happen then?
Then it asks us, because we didn't
give it enough permissions.
So you can see that the permissions API is
pretty smart in so much as it's not gonna
prompt you multiple times for permissions
if those permissions are already there.
So the question was, if Deno is asking
you for permission, what what if node
implements the same functionality,
wouldn't that defeat the purpose of Deno?
I don't know if that would,
I don't think so.
But I think that there's a better
point there, what you just made,
which is that, will node begin to adopt
some of the things that Deno is doing,
that we generally consider
to be good ideas or
improvements on the current
state of affairs?
And I think, yes, absolutely, it will.
And in fact, I think that might
be a more likely outcome here,
is that we begin to see node
adopt Deno's way of doing things.
And then perhaps there's a merger at some
point down the road back into a single
project.
So the question was, we were executing
in the context of the current user, but
what if we wanted to execute in
the context of another user?
Is there a way to request
elevated permissions?
I don't know, there isn't a way
that I know of Deno to do that, but
I'm not exactly sure if that's
something that Deno should do, or
if that's something that you should do.
I guess I'm a little fuzzy on the use
case of Deno saying, hey, I know
you're running as this user, but I wanna
run as a different user, can I do that?
It seems like the answer to that would be,
no, you just run Deno as that other user,
but perhaps I'm missing something.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Good question though.
I bet there is a use case for
wanting to do that.